there's no time to lose an amorous
interloper could fertilize hundreds of
eggs in a pan that contains over eight
hundred female muggers and one male it
could take a long time to find the
culprit no one wants to get caught
Nichols singled out a likely suspect but
it's not going to submit without a
struggle
while the croc is tied up for inspection
it must be kept cool cars checkers board
first
yeah sure with a clip code on its tail
should reveal the suspects ID 494 4 9
long ago when they first started to
cross bank and in it will record the
number the individual number of every
crocodile it's a man it looks like
according to this yeah and all this has
entered into a stud book and so we know
the origin of the crack and how old it
is even how many offspring it scientists
but with so many crocodiles in the pen
they want to be a hundred percent sure
they've got it right and the Crocs not
in the cooperative okay okay very
obviously luckily for all concerned rum
and Nick he'll have Crocs courting days
may be over still just to get him back